# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --output-file requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.2
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via cohere
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cohere==4.57
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
easyocr==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via cohere
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.36.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via cohere
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   torch
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
narwhals==1.9.3
    # via altair
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.2
    # via easyocr
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   easyocr
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
openai==1.48.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.10.0.84
    # via easyocr
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   seaborn
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via easyocr
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymupdf==1.24.13
    # via pymupdf4llm
pymupdf4llm==0.0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-bidi==0.6.3
    # via easyocr
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   easyocr
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich-theme-manager
rich-theme-manager==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via easyocr
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==75.1.0
    # via torch
shapely==2.0.6
    # via easyocr
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.9.20
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.19.1
    # via easyocr
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.13.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
